(footsteps approaching)
I haven't been feeling
that well lately.
Has anything unusual
happened to you?
Now that you mentioned it,
I've been having a lot
of dreams.
Having dreams?
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
So these dreams,
tell me when did you
begin having them?
If I recall correctly,
they started the day
I met Mr. Ohnoki.
What kind of dream did you have?
(Mitsuki groans)
(broody music)
It was a dream of
when I first saw
Boruto's picture.
(Orochimaru groans in Shock)
Is it possible for
someone to become sick
from a dream?
I'm not sure.
Mitsuki clearly
experienced quite a lot
during the hidden stone
incidents some time ago.
All of that may have
affected him emotionally.
And the results of it may
only be coming to the surface
right now.
How emotionally?
I'm not entirely sure.
And that's the reason why I'm
going to analyze his brain
to see exactly what has
left an impact on him.
(Opening theme music)
(monitor beeping)
Let's begin the analysis,
first as Mitsuki mentioned
we'll go back to his memories
of when he met Mr. Ohnoki.
(mouse clicks)
It seems that this man is
lost somewhere in the village.
They want us to help with
the efforts to look for him.
Ohnoki of the land of Earth huh?
Hey, wait a second
isn't that guy 'The
Third Lord Tsuchikage?'
Whoa!
(Tsuchikage harrumphs)
This drawing,
doesn't look at
thing like me at all.
Sir are you Ohnoki?
Seems to me your bedrock,
your will, might
be a little shaky.
This thing called 'will'
is complicated.
[Orochimaru] It seems Mitsuki
was unsure of his will
he had even been questioning
his own memories.
And now, because
of these dreams,
those questions regarding
his will have resurfaced.
[Log] A dream where Mitsuki
decides to find the answer
on his own,
rather than choose
one of the options
that we presented to him.
Do you think Mitsuki
is in such bad shape,
Just because he had that dream?
[Orochimaru] No. This is
akin to a rebellious phase.
It's similar to puberty.
It looks like his
dreams may indicate
that he's getting
closer to being human.
In that sense,
one can say that Mitsuki
is maturing like a human.
Personally, I believe
that this is a great sign.
Didn't I tell you he'd come.
You just can't
suppress curiosity.
Sekiei,
don't let your guard down!
Haven't you considered
the possibility
that his friends might
be hiding nearby?
Look there, fabrications!
Yes, it's true Ohnoki
had already created
these synthetic humans,
which means he must have known
that such beings would
eventually become interested
in their will and their soul.
And that's exactly why
he used the word 'will'
in order to lure Mitsuki in.
So thats the reason,
why Mitsuki ran off
with the enemy then?
Because he wanted to
learn about his will?
I have to wander...
From what we've seen so far,
it would appear that he's
still trying to figure out
if they pose a threat
to 'The Leaf' or not.
This is the first time I've
seen Ohnoki's fabrications.
And it looks like they have
certain levels of emotions.
They seem to be quite
intrigued by Mitsuki,
who's a synthetic
human like they are.
I wouldn't be surprised if
Mitsuki felt the same way
towards them as well.
Lets end this
(Boruto makes an attacking yell)
(Boruto groans in disbelief)
[Boruto] Mitsuki!
[Log] What's this?
Did Mitsuki go there
to help the enemy?
[Orochimaru] No,
most likely he did
this to gain the trust
-of the enemy.
-It's good to see you!
Mitsuki?
[Mitsuki] You okay?
Yeah...
well, I'll manage
Hey...
Mitsuki?
Sorry Boruto,
I'm going with them.
Yes,
you see this is my will,
But Mitsuki...
You're kidding, right?
Let's get going.
Come on, we can all
start heading back
to the hidden leaf
village now, together.
[Orochimaru] But
if that happened,
it would have put Boruto
and the others in danger.
So there's only one
path that he could take!
(sharp metal bang sound)
(Boruto groans in shock)
Lightning style.
Snake... Lightning!
-(lightning blast)
-(Boruto groans in pain)
No way!
He did that to Boruto.
Just as I thought...
At first glance it
might have appeared
like he betrayed Boruto,
but it was the best course
of action to keep him safe.
It was quite successful in
helping to distract the enemy
from Boruto and the
rest of his team.
So then, he did this to find
out more about the enemy,
is that correct?
You think there weren't
adverse effects when
he hurt the friend
he called his 'sun?'
No. I'm quite sure his soul
was disquieted to no end.
Yeah, as in we were
made into people.
Let's depart.
Time lost cannot be regained.
Okay, okay.
Hey, do you think
Kirara got back safely?
(Sekiei groans wearily)
[Orochimaru] That fabrication
-was so defective,-
-What's wrong Sekiei
it had already reached
the end of its lifespan.
-Get hold of yourself! -
-[Log] Yes.
That's why they wanted
to analyze Mitsuki,
a perfect synthetic human,
so they could improve
the fabrications.
[Orochimaru] It
looks like Mitsuki
was very surprised about this.
[Log] And it also seems
that he was particularly
interested in the one called
Sekiei.
Just keep quiet.
Boruto you could say
that he was like the sun
in my sky.
-[Log] "Was?"
-I didn't think that
[Orochimaru] Past tense, huh?
Even though he tried so
hard to stay with Boruto.
[Log] He must have said that
to fool the enemy again.
[Orochimaru] No,
I'm not so sure.
Even if it was to
protect Boruto,
Mitsuki did attack him.
And even if it was to find
out more about the enemy,
he did abandon the village.
This may have been the moment
when he came to realize
that he might never
see Boruto again.
And that's why,
almost always,
Boruto is surrounded
by a lot of friends.
Boruto was, you could say,
that he was,
like the sun
in my sky.
But maybe these feelings,
are simply just fabricated.
[Log] Do you think Mitsuki
realizes that we are the ones
that encouraged him
to go see Boruto?
[Orochimaru] That would be bad.
[Log] But Mitsuki never
asked us about that.
I'm correct about
that, aren't I?
[Orochimaru] Yes. And
that's the problem.
There's still a vague uneasiness
that swirls inside of Mitsuki.
And perhaps that feeling grew,
thereby prompting him to
go with the fabrications.
I believe it's possible
that Mitsuki may have felt
that he was truly alone.
[Log] Alone...
That's a feeling I don't
understand very well.
(broody music)
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
It appears that Mitsuki's
mind has matured
considerably more
than I had expected.
Now that we know why
he's in bad shape,
is there any way we
can make him better?
There is...
Just one way...
(Log groans shockingly)
(broody music)
We will have to erase,
his memory.
(monitor beeps)
No way!
You mean like before,
completely wipe out
all his memories.
His brain can't keep up
with its rapid growth.
So his brain cells
may become necrotic,
in order to stop that
we have no other choice.
Such a shame after he's
grown as much as he has.
Yes, that's why.
I simply cannot afford to
lose him at this point.
(monitor beeps)
Let's keep watching.
We can decide after.
(broody music)
Boruto, don't interfere.
Mitsuki!
Hear Lord Ku.
(Ku chuckles)
At last a complete life
is now within our grasp!
We'll become beings
who surpass humans.
And when that time comes,
we'll stand atop this village!
No, we'll stand atop
the entire world!
(Ku laughs loudly)
(lightning blast)
(Ku groans in discomfort)
What?!
Yes Ku, this is my will.
(glass breaking)
[Orochimaru] Mitsuki
figured Ku was a threat
-to the hidden 'Leaf.'
-No it can't be
[Orochimaru] So he lied and
said the heart was complete.
But even then, who would have
thought he tried to kill him?
(Ku groans in discomfort)
You were just lying
to me all along!
I thought that you
were my friend!
I felt that we were
really compatible!
I truly believed that.
But in your heart,
you were laughing at me
the entire time, right?
[Mitsuki] No, You're
wrong about that.
I really want to help you.
All of you have a will.
You do, just as I do.
And that's why I
want to save you,
that is my will.
[Sekiei] Hey, but why
didn't you want to fight me?
I mean, after all,
I am your enemy.
No, you're not.
Boruto and everyone else
treated me very well.
And yet,
sometimes,
I felt as though my words just
weren't able to reach them.
If that's what loneliness is,
then I figured that
you were correct.
You guys and I are like.
Really? We are?
I fought because
it was for Boruto.
But not just for that.
What I said before was
meant for you.
I just wanted you to stop
Mitsuki...
Hey...
We were friends too,
(inhales shakily)
Weren't we?
(broody music)
(mouse clicks)
He wasn't just lonely,
someone close to him
had died as well.
And that left a wound
deep within his heart.
Something like that can
push you into darkness.
I've seen it happen
to many a shinobi.
Mitsuki must have been in
a state of great shock.
(mouse clicks)
Before he left the
hidden leaf village,
he had ample opportunity
to ask others to help him.
But he didn't.
He came on his own to meet us.
He was happy to find
others like himself.
He couldn't ignore his curiosity
about getting a chance
to meet real comrades.
Isn't that right?
Go on, Mitsuki,
tell him he's wrong.
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
Mitsuki!
It seems that you
were also looking
at a different side of him.
You didn't notice the
change he was going through.
You have no right to
say you're his friend.
-Shut up!
-(groans spitefully)
Boruto!
(Ku chuckles)
It's beyond easy to
get you all riled up.
-Boruto!
-(rocks cracking)
(Ku groans in shock)
(rocks blasting)
(Ku groans in discomfort)
Look just come out already!
I know something like
that couldn't kill you.
(rocks blasts)
Magnificent! With your
body and our hands
we can create any number
of perfect Fabrications
without any of the defects
currently holding us back.
You ought to stop
talking nonsense.
Since I am unusually
angry right now.
(Ku falls thunderously)
Striking...
Shadow snakes!
(striking thunderously)
(Ku laughs)
It's useless! I can't feel pain.
(Mitsuki chuckles
in frustration)
Earth style: Earth Golem Jutsu!
(rocks pilling)
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
(water splashing)
All right, I'll lure Ku away.
The two of you need to take
Mr. Ohnoki and get out of here.
What?! Come on!
There's no way
we're gonna do that.
I want to protect you.
Because that's also my will.
And besides, there
are still clones of me
in the research lab.
So don't be concerned.
We'll meet again just as before.
You're wrong.
(Mitsuki groans in confusion)
It doesn't matter at all if
you look the same or not.
Because what's really important,
is the will inside here.
(Mitsuki groans)
To me, the only real Mitsuki
is the one who's standing
here in front of me right now.
Boruto...!
(Ku's weathering blast effort)
[Orochimaru] That's
Boruto for you.
He's truly the sun
that shines bright
on the moon shrouded
in darkness.
[Log] In the end,
it looks like burritos
words and actions
had the biggest impact
on Mitsuki's heart.
[Orochimaru] Getting too close
to the sun will burn you...
(Orochimaru chuckles)
Isn't that the truth?
You wanted to save
the 'Leaf' village
and to learn more
about yourself.
Both of those things
are a part of your will.
So both are my will?
And there's something else too!
You know, I thought I knew
all about you Mitsuki.
I was being just as
smug as you were!
I see!
Then it's okay,
for us to be the
way that we were.
No, not the way we were...
(Mitsuki groans in shock)
'Cause we're more connected now,
with a stronger
will than before!
Thanks for that, Boruto
(Boruto Chuckles)
Don't be so sappy!
I look forward to
our future, Mitsuki.
Yes!
(mouse clicks)
(Log groans in consideration)
But it's not like he was
really burned by the sun.
Isn't that right?
(monitor tabulating)
(Orochimaru groans
in consideration)
No way! Do we really have to
erase Mitsuki's memory, then?
(footsteps retreating)
(Door closing)
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
Are you awake now?
You finish the...
(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
analysis.
[Orochimaru] Yes.
(groans) Will I...
get better.
[Orochimaru] You got
too close to the sun,
and that's why your
heart was burned.
But...
(liquid pouring)
Simply drink all this and
your body will revert back.
But in exchange...
you lose all your memories.
(Mitsuki groans in shock)
However, if you
don't drink this,
you'll keep getting
burned by the sun
and will continue to suffer.
Now the time has arrived
for you to make your choice,
of your own free will.
(singing in foreign language)
(Mitsuki groans
in consideration)
(cat meowing)
-(Mitsuki groans in discomfort)
-(cat meowing)
[Boruto] Yo Mitsuki!
(Mitsuki groans in shock)
Come on, opened up already!
Sarada won't stop talking
about wanting to see Mikazuki!
Hang on! Coming, Boruto!
(cat meowing)
[Log] So his distress
was only temporary?
Yes, although there may
very well come a day
when I will actually have to
erase his memory completely.
But I think...
Depending on his future growth,
he might be able to overcome it.
(Orochimaru chuckles)
Yes, there's still so
much to look forward to.
So are you saying that as a
parent or as a researcher?
Well, I guess that it doesn't
really matter either way.
(Orochimaru chuckles)
(Ending heme music)
(upbeat music)
[Boruto] You heading
out on a mission Mirai?
Just between the two of us,
this mission is so
Important it's classified
as even beyond S-Rank!
What kind of mission is it?
Well, you see Boruto
it's an escort mission
to guard Lord Sixth!
Next time on 'Boruto
Naruto Next Generation'
"The Steam Ninja Scrolls:
The S-Rank Mission!"
In just a couple of days.
The village will know the
great achievements made by me,
Mirai Sarutobi!
(Ending theme music)